---
description: List of plugin commands
---

# Commands

Syntax: `<this>` indicates a required argument, `[this]` is an optional argument. See [Permissions](permissions.md) for more details about permissions.

::: info
Any command below that start with `/sk` also works with the aliases `/skills` and `/skill`.
:::

## Player commands

The following commands are accessible to all players by default.

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Syntax</th><th>Description</th><th>Permission</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>/skills</code></td><td>Opens the skills menu, which shows an overview and player progress in all skills.</td><td>auraskills.command.skills</td></tr><tr><td><code>/stats</code></td><td>Opens the stats menu, which shows an overview and player levels in all stats.</td><td>auraskills.command.stats</td></tr><tr><td><code>/[skill]</code></td><td>Opens the level progression menu of a specific skill directly, where <code>[skill]</code> is the name of the skill (e.g. <code>/farming</code>, <code>/archery</code>, <code>/healing</code>). These commands can be disabled in config.yml at <code>enable_skill_commands</code></td><td>auraskills.skill.[skill] (Controls access to all skill features)</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk lang [language]</code></td><td>Changes your personal language used for messages and menus. Must be a valid language code (see tab completion).</td><td>auraskills.command.lang</td></tr><tr><td><code>/abtoggle</code> or <code>/sk toggle</code></td><td>Toggles your personal action bar.</td><td>auraskills.command.abtoggle</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk top [page]</code> or <code>/skilltop [page]</code></td><td>Shows the leaderboard of top players in all skills (sum of skill levels).</td><td>auraskills.command.top</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk top &#x3C;skill> [page]</code> or <code>/skilltop &#x3C;skill> [page]</code></td><td>Shows the leaderboard of top players in a specific skill.</td><td>auraskills.command.top</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk top average [page]</code> or <code>/skilltop average [page]</code></td><td>Shows the leaderboard of the average of a player's skill levels.</td><td>auraskills.command.top</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk rank</code> or <code>/skillrank</code></td><td>Shows your skill rankings.</td><td>auraskills.command.rank</td></tr><tr><td><code>/mana</code></td><td>Shows your current mana.</td><td>auraskills.command.mana</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk claimitems</code></td><td>Opens the menu to claim items (from item rewards or /sk item give) that did not fit into the player's inventory initially.</td><td>auraskills.command.claimitems</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk sources &#x3C;skill> [sortType]</code></td><td>Opens the sources menu for a skill, which displays the ways to gain XP.</td><td>auraskills.command.sources</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk help</code></td><td>Shows the command help page.</td><td>auraskills.command.help</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Admin commands

The following commands are only accessible to players with op by default.

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Syntax</th><th>Description</th><th>Permission</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>/sk reload</code></td><td>Reloads the plugin config, messages, menus, loot tables, etc. Some options may require a restart.</td><td>auraskills.command.reload</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk version</code></td><td>Shows the current version of the plugin.</td><td>auraskills.command.version</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk skill setlevel &#x3C;player> &#x3C;skill> &#x3C;level></code></td><td>Sets a skill to a level for a player.</td><td>auraskills.command.skill.setlevel</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk skill addlevel &#x3C;player> &#x3C;skill> &#x3C;level></code></td><td>Adds a number of levels to a skill for a player.</td><td>auraskills.command.skill.setlevel</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk skill setall &#x3C;player> &#x3C;level></code></td><td>Sets all skills to a level for a player.</td><td>auraskills.command.skill.setlevel</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk skill reset &#x3C;player> [skill]</code></td><td>Resets all skill to the starting level (0 or 1 depending on start_level in config.yml) for a player, or a specific skill if <code>skill</code> is provided.</td><td>auraskills.command.skill.reset</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk xp add &#x3C;player> &#x3C;skill> &#x3C;amount> [silent]</code></td><td>Gives skill XP to a player in a skill.</td><td>auraskills.command.xp.add</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk xp set &#x3C;player> &#x3C;skill> &#x3C;amount> [silent]</code></td><td>Sets a player's skill XP to an amount in a skill.</td><td>auraskills.command.xp.set</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk xp remove &#x3C;player> &#x3C;skill> &#x3C;amount> [silent]</code></td><td>Removes skill XP from a player in a skill. Does not decrease a player's skill level, only the XP progress of the current level.</td><td>auraskills.command.xp.remove</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk multiplier [player]</code></td><td>Shows a player's current XP multiplier based on their cummulative auraskills.multiplier.* permissions.</td><td>auraskills.command.multiplier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk backup save</code></td><td>Saves a backup of the current skill data to the backups folder.</td><td>auraskills.command.backup.save</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk backup load &#x3C;file></code></td><td>Loads a backup from the backups folder. You must specify the exact file name, including the file extension. This will override the current skill data, so it is advised to take a backup before loading one.</td><td>auraskills.command.backup.load</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk save</code></td><td>Saves skill data.</td><td>auraskills.command.save</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk updateleaderboards</code></td><td>Sorts and updates skill leadeboards.</td><td>auraskills.command.updateleaderboards</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk transfer &#x3C;playerFrom> &#x3C;playerTo></code></td><td>Copies the player data from one player to another. <code>playerFrom</code> and <code>playerTo</code> must be valid UUIDs. The player data from <code>playerFrom</code> is not reset. Players do not have to be online for this to work.</td><td>auraskills.command.transfer</td></tr><tr><td><code>sk resethealth</code></td><td>Removes all AureliumSkills player health and luck attributes. Useful if you want to uninstall the plugin. This command can only be run through console and there should be no players online to work properly.</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk preset load &#x3C;file></code></td><td>Loads a config preset from the presets folder, replacing and modifying the current configuration. The file must be the full file name and end in .zip. Requires to be typed twice for confirmation.</td><td>auraskills.command.preset</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk profile skills &#x3C;player></code></td><td>Views the skill levels of another player. <code>player</code> is the username of the player you want to view skills for. This player does not have to be online.</td><td>auraskills.command.profile</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk profile stats &#x3C;player></code></td><td>Views the stat levels of another player. <code>player</code> is the username of the player you want to view skills for. This player does not have to be online.</td><td>auraskills.command.profile</td></tr><tr><td><code>/mana &#x3C;player></code></td><td>Shows how much mana a player has.</td><td>auraskills.command.mana.other</td></tr><tr><td><code>/mana add &#x3C;player> &#x3C;amount> [allowOverMax] [silent]</code></td><td>Adds mana to a player. If <code>allowOverMax</code> is true, added mana can go over max mana. By default, mana will be capped at max mana.</td><td>auraskills.command.mana.add</td></tr><tr><td><code>/mana remove &#x3C;player> &#x3C;amount> [silent]</code></td><td>Removes mana from a player. Mana cannot go below 0, any extra is ignored.</td><td>auraskills.command.mana.remove</td></tr><tr><td><code>/mana set &#x3C;player> &#x3C;amount> [allowOverMax] [silent]</code></td><td>Sets the mana of a player.</td><td>auraskills.command.mana.set</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk modifier add &#x3C;player> &#x3C;stat> &#x3C;name> &#x3C;value> [operation] [silent] [stack]</code></td><td>Adds a stat modifier to a player. Setting <code>silent</code> to true will not send a feedback message. Setting <code>stack</code> to true will add the stat modifier even if the <code>name</code> is already used by appending a number to the end.</td><td>auraskills.command.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk modifier addtemp &#x3C;player> &#x3C;stat> &#x3C;name> &#x3C;value> &#x3C;duration> [pauseOffline] [operation] [silent] [stack]</code></td><td>Adds a temporary stat modifier to a player with the given name. The <code>duration</code> argument is in the format <code>[years]y[months]mo[days]d[hours]h[minutes]m[seconds]s</code>. Examples of valid durations are <code>5s</code>, <code>10m</code>, and <code>4d2m1s</code>. The <code>pauseOffline</code> argument defines whether the remaining duration should stop counting down when the player is offline (defaults to false).</td><td>auraskills.command.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk modifier remove &#x3C;player> &#x3C;name> [silent]</code></td><td>Removes a specific stat modifier from a player.</td><td>auraskills.command.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk modifier list [player] [stat]</code></td><td>Lists all stat modifiers. If <code>player</code> is not specified, modifiers for yourself will be listed. Specifying <code>stat</code> only shows that stat's modifiers.</td><td>auraskills.command.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk modifier removeall [player] [stat] [silent]</code></td><td>Removes all stat modifiers. If <code>player</code> is not specified, all modifiers for yourself will be removed. Specifying <code>stat</code> only removes that stat's modifiers.</td><td>auraskills.command.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item modifier add &#x3C;stat> &#x3C;value> [operation] [lore]</code></td><td>Adds an item stat modifier to the item held, along with lore by default.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item modifier remove &#x3C;stat> [lore]</code></td><td>Removes an item stat modifier from the item held, and the lore associated with it by default.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item modifier list</code></td><td>Lists all item stat modifiers on the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item modifier removeall</code></td><td>Removes all item stat modifiers from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor modifier add &#x3C;stat> &#x3C;value> operation] [lore]</code></td><td>Adds an armor stat modifier to the item held, along with lore by default.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor modifier remove &#x3C;stat> [lore]</code></td><td>Removes an armor stat modifier from the item held, and the lore associated with it by default.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor modifier list</code></td><td>Lists all armor stat modifiers on the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor modifier removeall</code></td><td>Removes all armor stat modifiers from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item requirement add &#x3C;skill> &#x3C;level> [lore]</code></td><td>Adds an item requirement to the item held, along with lore by default.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.requirement</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item requirement remove &#x3C;skill> [lore]</code></td><td>Removes an item requirement from the item held, and the lore associated with it by default.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.requirement</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item requirement list</code></td><td>Lists the item requirements on the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.requirement</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item requirement removeall</code></td><td>Removes all item requirements from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.requirement</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor requirement add &#x3C;skill> &#x3C;level> [lore]</code></td><td>Adds an armor requirement to the item held, along with lore by default.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.requirement</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor requirement remove &#x3C;skill> [lore]</code></td><td>Removes an armor requirement from the item held, and the lore associated with it by default.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.requirement</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor requirement list</code></td><td>Lists the armor requirements on the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.requirement</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor requirement removeall</code></td><td>Removes all armor requirements from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.requirement</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item multiplier add &#x3C;target> &#x3C;value> [lore]</code></td><td>Adds an item multiplier to the item held, which multiplies XP when held. <code>target</code> is either the name of a skill, or <code>global</code> to add a multiplier for all skills. <code>value</code> is the percent more XP gained (100 = 2x XP).</td><td>auraskills.command.item.multiplier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item multiplier remove &#x3C;target></code></td><td>Removes an item multiplier from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.multiplier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item multiplier list</code></td><td>Lists the item multipliers on the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.multiplier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item multiplier removeall</code></td><td>Removes all item multipliers from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.multiplier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor multiplier add &#x3C;target> &#x3C;value> [lore]</code></td><td>Adds an armor multiplier to the item held, which multiplies XP when worn. <code>target</code> is either the name of a skill, or <code>global</code> to add a multiplier for all skills. <code>value</code> is the percent more XP gained (100 = 2x XP).</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.multiplier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor multiplier remove &#x3C;target></code></td><td>Removes an armor multiplier from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.multiplier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor multiplier list</code></td><td>Lists the armor multipliers on the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.multiplier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor multiplier removeall</code></td><td>Removes all armor multipliers from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.multiplier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item register &#x3C;key></code></td><td>Registers the held item to a unique key. This key can be used to represent the exact item in configs like rewards and loot.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.register</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item unregister &#x3C;key></code></td><td>Unregisters an item from the item registry.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.register</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item give &#x3C;player> &#x3C;key> [amount]</code></td><td>Gives a registered item to a player. If the player does not have enough inventory space, the item will be added to the player's unclaimed items, which is claimed using <code>/sk claimitems</code>.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.give</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk openmenu &#x3C;menuName> [player] [properties] [page]</code></td><td>Opens a menu for a player. If player is not specified, it opens for the sender. The properties argument is a JSON string required to open some menus. For example, <code>{"skill":"Skill:mining"}</code> should be passed when opening the level_progression, abilities, sources, and leaderboard menu. The page argument starts at 0 for the first page.</td><td>auraskills.command.openmenu</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk jobs add &#x3C;job> [user]</code></td><td>Joins a specific job for yourself or a different player.</td><td>auraskills.command.jobs (auraskills.command.jobs.other when user is specified)</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk jobs remove &#x3C;job> [user]</code></td><td>Quits a specific job for yourself or a different player.</td><td>auraskills.command.jobs (auraskills.command.jobs.other when user is specified)</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk jobs removeall [user]</code></td><td>Quits all jobs for yourself or a different player.</td><td>auraskills.command.jobs (auraskills.command.jobs.other when user is specified)</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk trait add &#x3C;player> &#x3C;trait> &#x3C;name> &#x3C;value> [operation] [silent] [stack]</code></td><td>Adds a trait modifier to a player with the given name.</td><td>auraskills.command.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk trait addtemp &#x3C;player> &#x3C;trait> &#x3C;name> &#x3C;value> &#x3C;duration> [pauseOffline] [operation] [silent] [stack]</code></td><td>Adds a temporary trait modifier to a player with the given name. The <code>duration</code> argument is in the format <code>[years]y[months]mo[days]d[hours]h[minutes]m[seconds]s</code>. Examples of valid durations are <code>5s</code>, <code>10m</code>, and <code>4d2m1s</code>. The <code>pauseOffline</code> argument defines whether the remaining duration should stop counting down when the player is offline (defaults to false).</td><td>auraskills.command.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk trait remove &#x3C;player> &#x3C;name> [silent]</code></td><td>Removes a trait modifier from a player with the given name.</td><td>auraskills.command.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk trait list [player] [trait]</code></td><td>Lists trait modifiers of a player. </td><td>auraskills.command.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk trait removeall [player] [trait] [silent]</code></td><td>Removes all trait modifiers from a player.</td><td>auraskills.command.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item trait add &#x3C;trait> &#x3C;value> [operation] [lore]</code></td><td>Adds an item trait modifier to the held item, along with lore by default.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item trait remove &#x3C;trait></code></td><td>Removes an item trait modifier from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item trait list</code></td><td>Lists all item trait modifiers on the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item trait removeall</code></td><td>Removes all item trait modifiers from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor trait add &#x3C;trait> &#x3C;value> [operation] [lore]</code></td><td>Adds an armor trait modifier to the held item, along with lore by default.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor trait remove &#x3C;trait></code></td><td>Removes an armor trait modifier from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor trait list</code></td><td>Lists all armor trait modifiers on the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk armor trait removeall</code></td><td>Removes all armor trait modifiers from the item held.</td><td>auraskills.command.armor.modifier</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item ignore add</code></td><td>Adds the tag that ignores the held item from mana ability interactions.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.ignore</td></tr><tr><td><code>/sk item ignore remove</code></td><td>Removes the tag that ignores the held item from mana ability interactions.</td><td>auraskills.command.item.ignore</td></tr></tbody></table>
